test: spell check markdown files under `pages` directory (#1051)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: pages/implementations/mapping.md

## Implementation Scoping

> An implementation does not need to be a one-to-one mapping to ACT-R rules. A single implementation can test multiple ACT-R. In manual test procedures, it is common to test multiple things at once. For instance, a test procedure looking at the language of a page will simultaneously test whether or not the `<html>` element has a `lang` attribute, if the value of the `lang` attribute is valid, and if the value matches the language of the page. This is 3 separate rules, covered in a single test procedure of an implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation does not need to be a one-to-one mapping to ACT-R rules. A single implementation can test multiple ACT-R. In manual test procedures, it is common to test multiple things at once. For instance, a test procedure looking at the language of a page will simultaneously test whether or not the `<html>` element has a `lang` attribute, if the value of the `lang` attribute is valid, and if the value matches the language of the page. These are 3 separate rules, covered in a single test procedure of an implementation.
```
